Level 1:
1: Ah, another broken hearth, welcome. Lets try to mend you shall we.
2: Sometimes love feels like a labyrinth, doesn't it.
3: No matter what way you choose, it always seems to run into a dead end.
4: You can use the [Spacebar] to call out. Then just follow you heart and your ears.
5: Hmm, perfume, they never sell perfume, they only sell love. The thing is though, you can't buy love.
6: Could the right way feel wrong?
7: Could the wrong way feel right?
8: Hey you found the puppies, look at you finding secrets and stuff!


Level 2:
1: There are those who jump on love blindly, smothering it.
2: Others just try to keep on moving, not thinking to much.
3: Yet others want to lure people out of their shells, jumping out of the way at the right moment.
4: Wow you made it here! I imagine that was hard, I didn't even get here myself. To reward you, here is my face, I hope you like it.
5: Sometimes love is a minefield.
6: We all deserve multiple chances. Failing and learning as we go.
7: Ah, the book of love. "And they lived happily ever after". That is not how love works though, its a constantly ongoing practice.


Level 3:
1: Finally, here we will start the real healing process. No more fake love.
2: Its a mirror. Are you surprised? Love comes from within us, before we can give it to others, we must have it for ourselves. Self love is the starting
	point of your healing, but not the end.
   Hey, thanks for playing the game and hanging out with me, I really appreciate it. Hope I didn't bum you out on valentines. Want to share your 
	experience, give feedback or just say hi? Just contact me, I would love to hear from you. Bye bye now, have a great day!
3: Ow look at that, you found my secret badge for secret-searchers. Congratulations!
4: Is love the goal, or just one of life's joys?
5: Don't forget that you can use [Spacebar] to call out.
6: Maybe I'm too young to understand. Or maybe I'm too old to stop questioning. Maybe I'm never ready. Is that ok? I hope so.
7: We are almost there, I feel it, they are gathering. 
8: Ah, another dead end, don't worry too much about these. They are just part of life.
9: You get a star for your excellent exploration! Well done!